This is a step-by-step about how to install and make Tangent Wave Booster work.

1 - First of all! Turn off the connection between Davinci Resolve and Tangent!
Go to Davinci Resolve->Preferences->System Tab->Control Panels->Color Grading Panel->Select this panel for grading - Select "NONE".

2 - Download all the files of the section above.

3 - Install Tangent Mapper.

4 - Open the Tangent Wave Booster.

5 - Open the Tangent Mapper.

6 - Go to File -> New Control Map.

7 - Select "Add a New Application" and click on "Next" button.

8 - Click on "Select From Desktop Button".

9 - You have 10 seconds to click on the Tangent Wave Booster Screen, just click on the window of the software and wait for the 10 seconds end.

10 - After the 10 seconds, Tangent Mapper shows the name of the Tangent Wave Booster.exe so you just have to click on "Finish" button.

11 - Now go to File -> Manage Control Maps.

12 - On top part of the menu check if the Tangent Wave Booster.exe is selected and on the bottom part click on "Import" button.

13 - Select the "DavinciResolveTangentWaveBoosterV.xml" that you downloaded from here, click on "open" button.

14 - Click on "Select" and "Close" buttons.

15 - Now go to Davinci Resolve, open the keyboard customization screen (Ctrl+Alt+K or Davinci Resolve->Keyboard Customization).

16 - Click on the 3 dots (...) on the upper right corner and choose "Import Preset...".

17 - Look for the "DaVinci Resolve - Tangent Wave Booster Keyboard.txt" that you downloaded from here and choose it.

18 - Click on "Save" button.

19 - You're ready to go! Press F8 on your keyboard or on your Tangent Wave Controller to start/stop the Tangent Wave Booster.

20 - If you need you can change the position of the elements on the screen (important to do if you're not using a 4K UHD Resolution), just press the element button on the Tangent Wave Booster, look for the element on Davinci Resolve with your mouse, put the mouse exactly on top of it and hit "Enter" key. Do this for each element that you need and at the end click on the "Save positions" button on Tangent Wave Booster.